Five hundred bolts of silk.
Twenty sets of jade ornaments.
Four jade ruyi scepters.
Ten dragon-phoenix gold ornaments.
As for the wedding dress style,
please look at this set.
Your Highness,
today is your mother's death anniversary.
You are tired as well.
Let's discuss the wedding arrangements
another day.
I'll return to Jianxiang Studio now.
Let me escort you.
No need, Your Highness.
The carriage is waiting outside.
It's fine.
I'm getting married soon.
It's time
to put an end to this.
Qingniang.
Yes.
Your Highness.
Shen Yuheng's birthday gift
was sent over as usual.
Rest assured, Your Highness.
The gift for His Highness
was already delivered
before he returned to Bichen Palace.
Crimson...
At this hour she's usually
the noisiest of all.
Why is it so quiet today?
Crimson.
How are you?
Your Highness.
I...
I'm leaving now.
As expected.
Fine.
Take care.
Why does Imperial Uncle have leisure today
to visit my Bichen Palace?
Could it be...
you came for my birthday banquet?
My person
still doesn't understand palace rules.
I
came to take her back.
Before she fully transforms,
don't let her wander.
If you don't want to die,
trust me.
Commander Cheng,
are you trying to block my way?
Today is His Highness's birthday.
Everyone leaving must be searched.
Take her if you can.
Let's see who dares.
You think you can keep me here?
Even if I agreed,
you should ask outside the city
whether three hundred thousand Chiwu troops would agree.
You misunderstand, Imperial Uncle.
Commander Cheng
only seeks to protect Bichen Palace.
Please forgive me, Imperial Uncle.
I refuse to forgive you.
There is plenty of time ahead.
My dear Imperial Uncle.
Crimson.
Jiangzhu mistook her savior.
He is a prince.
Zhaohua,
I told you long ago
that Imperial Uncle has his own secrets.
Right now Jiangzhu is your friend,
and Imperial Uncle your benefactor.
The truth is still unclear.
Will you really pretend not to see,
and still fulfill this engagement?
My head is spinning.
How can wine taste this awful?
You came so late.
How many times have I told you,
you're not allowed to run around outside?
How long have you known Shen Yuheng?
Do you know him well? Are you close to him?
You went to his birthday banquet.
His birthday banquet
has nothing to do with a Jade Waist Slave like you.
What should I do?
I know.
Today
is your mother's death anniversary.
I also know it's Xiao Xiangyun's birthday.
You'd be upset,
so I didn't tell you.
Little Auspicious Cloud,
you used to be one.
Now he is one too.
I have something for you.
A grape.
Look.
This grape is purple.
Purple grapes.
Taste it.
It's so sweet.
Your Highness.
She was drunk.
She's already asleep.
Yes.
I saw you bring Jiangzhu back.
I specially prepared food for her.
Does she really like red bean rice that much?
Yes.
I asked her the same thing.
People eat to stay alive.
Red beans
are for tasting life's sweetness.
Red bean rice
combines both blessings:
being alive and truly living.
Your Highness.
This...
give it to me.
All right.
Red beans...
rice...
This red bean rice,
is it really that good?
Your Highness.
The assassin from that night has been caught.
He previously broke military discipline,
and was expelled from the Chiwu Army.
How much is linked to Bichen Palace?
There was some contact.
Once he's handed over, it will be settled.
Yes.
By the way, Qingniang,
call Zunyang back.
And one more thing...
starting today,
if people from Bichen Palace come,
inform me first.
We can no longer let Jiangzhu go with them.
Understood.
Your Highness,
there is one more matter
you need to handle first.
What is it?
Before you rose,
Miss Qin arrived.
She actually knows Jiangzhu.
They seem quite close.
She saw everything last night.
I did nothing last night.
I only brought Jiangzhu back.
Miss Qin is waiting in the courtyard.
You want to break off the engagement?
Yes.
Is it because of Jiangzhu?
She stayed in my manor without telling you.
That is because
we have something important to settle.
Once it's resolved,
she will leave on her own.
Who stays in Prince Yan's manor
has nothing to do with me.
Then is it because
last night
I carried her out of Bichen Palace?
She had just entered the palace.
I feared she would cause trouble.
Your Highness,
my wish to end this engagement
has nothing to do with Jiangzhu,
or with anyone else.
Then why?
I want to ask Your Highness:
when you sought the imperial decree for this marriage,
was it to fulfill my father's final request,
or because you had feelings for me?
Your father
died saving me.
Naturally I had to fulfill his request.
Besides,
there is affection between us.
I asked someone
what a man feels for a woman.
Your Highness,
since we met,
have you ever felt for me
that butterfly-breaking-free feeling?
No.
Your Highness,
I have no such feelings for you either.
We grew up like family.
We're like siblings,
not lovers.
I no longer want to deceive my heart
and force this marriage.
I only hope one day
you can truly feel
the rush of a butterfly breaking from its cocoon,
flying toward someone.
That person
is the one you should spend your life with.
Shen Miao.
I have something for you.
This is what you stole from the palace.
Getting into the palace is so troublesome.
Since I finally got a token,
of course I should do something useful with it.
You're being absurd.
Shen Miao.
What are you doing?
My mother's spirit tablet
belongs in the imperial ancestral hall.
Shen Miao,
I heard everything from Qingniang.
All these years on the battlefield,
you forced yourself to win great merit,
not only to defend the realm,
but also to make your father...
allow you to honor your mother properly, right?
Do you know,
when I went to steal it,
I thought it would be difficult.
But that place
was desolate,
without even a gatekeeper.
She was forgotten there,
and those who wished to honor her couldn't.
Besides,
compared with the ancestral hall,
I think your mother
would rather stay by your side.
Your Highness, I think
regarding Jiangzhu...
well done.
Consort Xian,
sorry for disturbing you.
Please don't be angry with me.
Thank you.
Mother.
It is my unfilial fault.
I'm sorry for upsetting you.
Please forgive me.
MkvDrama.Net